To summarize the analysis given above we will once again return to the two
scenarios described.

\subsection{The avoidable scenario}
In this scenario I have argued that the passenger is to be held partially
blameworthy if it is the case that they have made an informed decision in
selecting the car to use.

The manufacturer is also to be considered blameworthy if it the case that they
disregarded safety, or failed to inform the consumer of the risks involved in
using their autonomous car. If they were what might be considered reasonably
thorough in the production of the car, they are not be held morally blameworthy.

Finally, the government is to be considered morally blameworthy if it is the
case that the car was legal and acted incorrectly, or illegal and the law
insufficiently enforced.

A result of this is that no actor could be held morally blameworthy if it is a
the government finds the car legal and ensures that is the case, the
manufacturer gives sufficient regard for safety and are thorough in the
production of the car and finally the passenger's decision to buy a car was made
with no information that might be considered morally relevant. Of course, this
all seems rather unlikely.

\subsection{The unavoidable scenario}
In this scenario the passenger is morally blameworthy if it was the passenger's
informed choice of car that dictated the action taken by the car.

I argued that the manufacturer is not to be held morally blameworthy in this
scenario as they did what they could and holding them responsible would have
minor positive consequences.

Finally, I argued that the government acted correctly given the basic assumption
underlying this discussion --- the car's will reduce accidents and save lives.
Apart from this there is also once again little to gain from holding the
government responsible.

As a result, it is likely that no actor can be held morally blameworthy in this
scenario. Something that seems to agree with an intuition that in a scenario
with a negative outcome, but one every actor did their best to prevent --- no
one is to be blamed.